ZIP 221 and 252 updates for NU5 (#477)
zcash/zips: zip-0221.rst

----------

Nodes in the commitment tree are canonical and immutable. They are cheap to generate, as
(with the exception of ``nSaplingTxCount`` and ``nOrchardTxCount``) all metadata is already
generated during block construction and/or checked during block validation. Nodes are
relatively compact in memory. As of the original publication of this ZIP, approximately
140,000 blocks had elapsed since Sapling activation. Assuming a 164-byte commitment to
each of these, we would have generated approximately 24 MB of additional storage cost for
the set of leaf nodes (and an additional ~24 MB for storage of intermediate nodes).

``hashSubtreeCommitment`` forms the strucuture of the commitment tree. Other metadata
commitments were chosen to serve specific purposes. Originally variable-length commitments
were placed last, so that most metadata in a node could be directly indexed. We considered
using fixed-length commitments here, but opted for variable-length, in order to marginally
reduce the memory requirements for managing and updating the commitment trees.

> Open issue: currently Orchard fields are placed last; should they be placed between the
> existing fields? See `zcash/zips#476 <https://github.com/zcash/zips/issues/476>`_.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orchard fields are placed last, in order to avoid complicating uses of the other fields.

```
